prometheus.exporter.windows - Convert sentence to note to make important detail stand out (#2220)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.exporter.windows.md

For example, if {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is installed in `C:\Program Files\GrafanaLabs\Alloy\`,
the default will be `C:\Program Files\GrafanaLabs\Alloy\textfile_inputs`.

When `text_file_directory` is set, only files with the extension `.prom` inside the specified directory are read. 

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> Each `.prom` file found must end with an empty line feed to work properly.

Reviewer: Should this be more explicit? Instead of 'to work properly', 'or it will not be read'

Author: I can update it to be more explicit.  The change was purely to convert to a note.. .Good timing to improve the content :-)

> Each `.prom` file found must end with an empty line feed to work properly.

Author: ```suggestion
The `.prom` files must end with an empty line feed for the component to recognize and read them.
```

@dehaansa how does this sound - writing it in a positive and more active voice.

Reviewer: 👍
